<pre>
POP: 0003
Title: Create a Wikipedia.org entry for Particl 
Author: CryptoGuard 
Status: Active
Created: 2018-01-23
</pre> 

==Abstract==
Create a Particl (Cryptocurrency) Wikipedia entry using the particl.wiki/what-is article. Wikipedia page also must contain a description and Particl Desktop box. 

==Scope==
The user must create a new Wikipedia.org entry for "Particl (Cryptocurrency)". The new entry must contain the text from the particl.wiki/what-is page and also contain a description and a Particl Desktop box. The article must also be properly referenced so that it is accepted by Wikipedia.

'''Text:'''
The particl.wiki/what-is article can be ported or used as base to write a better article. For proper formatting, please consult Wikipedia's formatting guide here -> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Tutorial/Formatting

'''Description Box:'''
The description box should contain all basic information about the coin. For formatting reference, please consult Bitcoin's Wikipedia entry (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin) and look for the description box on the right. The description box should at least include (but more can be added):
* Particl Logo (https://github.com/particl/branding/tree/master/Logos)
* Denominations
** Plural
** Ticker Symbol
** Coins
* Development
** Developing Team
** Whitepaper
** Forked from
** Core Repository
** Operating System
** Source Model
** License
** Initial Release
** Latest Release
** Website
* Ledger
** Ledger Start
** Consensus Mechanism
** Issuance
** Block Reward
** Block Time
** Block Explorer
** Circulating Supply


'''Particl Desktop Box:'''
Particl Desktop is the new name of our Particl GUI wallet. There should be a dedicated box for this wallet next to the "Client Software" section of the particl.wiki/what-is page. For formatting reference, please visit Monero's Wikipedia entry ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monero_(cryptocurrency)#Client_software ) and look for the box to the right of the "client software" section. Included items should include (but can add more): 
* Developed by
* Initial Release
* Latest Release
* Repository
* Written in
* Operating System
* License
* Download: DOWNLOAD LINK

'''References:''' Wikipedia.org refuses any new article that is not properly referenced. The user wishing to complete this bounty will have to reference the current particl.wiki/what-is article according to Wikipedia's guidelines ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Introduction_to_referencing_with_VisualEditor/1 )

==Milestones==
* Create a new Particl wikipedia.org entry -> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Particl_(cryptocurrency)
* Port particl.wiki/what-is text article to the new wikipedia.org Particl entry
* Create a description box like in Bitcoin's entry -> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin
* Create a Particl Desktop box like in Monero's entry -> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monero_(cryptocurrency)#Client_software
* Properly reference the article

==Timeframe==
Less than a day

==POP Completion Reward==
'''10 PARTs'''
